Why is he here? Could it be? He's here to support Summer?
Who should? What brings you here?
Let her go.
What's going on with these two? Am I fired or not?
Could it be? I'm just a pawn in their game.
Character explain what's going on?
Well, Elisa made a big mistake at work, so I fired her.
But she refused to leave, disrupting everyone at work.
So, Matthew called security to escort her out.
Fired for what?
Here's the thing, Mr. Hawthorne.
The negotiations with the sunlight will fail due to Elisa's mistake.
We had to let her go according to company regulations.
You set me up with some half-baked plan.
Tried to fire me and then called security.
Is that within the lines of regulation?
Elisa, how dare you question company regulations in front of Mr. Hawthorne?
Who should see?
She wouldn't admit her mistakes, and she even questioned your public.
Oh god, not really fired.
Elisa actually talked back to Mr. Hawthorne.
She has to be fired now.
I'm actually pitying her.
No matter what.
Pitting her? You're an employee too.
Mind your own business.
Elisa, you're sure I'm bald, aren't you?
Elisa, don't you know what Mr. Hawthorne means?
Hurry up and beep.
Of course, Lucian is on somewhere's side.
I'm just his wife out of nowhere.
Surely I'm no match for his lover.
Hold on.
Did I try to leave?
Do you're not angry?
I'm not being angry.
The company needs to find out who's responsible for Sunrise Group Project first.
Ronan takes charge of that.
Yes, Mr. Hawthorne.
So what you're saying is I'm not fired.
At least for now.
Lucian, Elisa not only made mistakes on this project,
but she was absent from work without permission,
and she defied you in public.
So I'll handle company policy, okay?
But we never, ever,
fire an employee for no reason.
I, I agree with Lucian.
Matthew, I told you to wait until the investigation was done,
but you insisted that the results were clear.
Apologize to Mr. Hawthorne right now.
Yes, Ms. Hart.
Is Lucian helping me?
But as a CEO, he needs to do things fairly in front of his employees.
This proves nothing.
Lucian, I have a few words with you.
Elisa, you are damn lucky this time.
But you won't be for the next time.
Mr. Hawthorne, if this is about the project,
then I'm so sorry that you were bothered.
Do you think that's why I brought your hair?
Next time something like that happens, come see me.
Don't let me handle it.
You're so busy.
I didn't want to bother you.
We're married.
We can do whatever you want.
The office.
Full around.
Full around?
Well, that's the proper thing since we're married.
By that, I guess you mean.
I should act like your wife all the time, even while we're at work.
That's not necessarily what I mean.
Well, if that's wrong, stir Hawthorne.
I guess I'll be going back to work.
Lisa.
Stay away from my room.
Well, Elisa, when you were in Mr. Hawthorne's office,
I mean it's hard.
I can't really understand that you know over here.
Can you help me, please?
Ms. Hart, may I help you?
You are still under investigation.
Now, isn't the current time for you to be working on company projects?
But I was just looking over the project budget for the next thing.
Your current mission is to go downstairs and fetch me a cup of coffee.
Can't you see the trash is full?
Clean it.
Ms. Hart.
I'm an analyst.
I'm not an intern.
What?
Are you defying your superior?
Someone is really ignorant.
She hasn't been glorified yet.
Now she's defying her superior.
Does she think she owns the company?
Right?
Ms. Hart is not just a daughter of a noble family.
She also has an unusual relationship with our president.
It will be your best interest to help Ms. Hart with the trife.
Stop being ungrateful.
Elisa, I can have you fired for defying your superior.
So you better choose wisely.
You're right.
I like my job and I'm going to become an excellent executive in my dream company.
Fine.
I'll do it.
Better to bend than break, huh?
It doesn't matter.
Let's see how one you can keep tolerating.
Ms. Hart, your coffee.
Hand it to me.
I'll be so hot.
You almost burned me alive.
Oh my god, I'm so sorry.
Are you okay?
Don't you know I only drink ice Americano?
Who hired you anyway?
I'm so sorry.
I will go by one minute.
Can't you see this coffee on the floor?
Clean it up.
Now.
Who told you you could pop the floor with that?
If you damage the floors.
Can you afford to pay for them?
How exactly would you like me to mount the floor to Ms. Hart?
With a cloth on your hands and knees.
Inch by me.
So where do you think you're going a little too far?
What?
Can't handle it?
You could always quit.
By that I guess you mean they should act like your wife all the time.
Even all around work.
Mr. Hawthorne, there's an upcoming online meeting with an overseas company.
Although, hey, is the business department next to the meeting room?
Yes, Mr. Hawthorne.
It's ahead of us first.
Just the department.
This is Hawthorne and Exhore.
So we're here to see her be completely in love with that, sorry.
Ms. Hart, would you please lift your foot?
Do it.
I sent you a solution when I was away.
Have you ever thought of today?
I didn't sit to see him.
Yes!
Do you really think I wouldn't know because I was away?
You did?
This is the solution, then you must be prepared for my room.
So what the hell are you doing?
What the hell are you doing?
Motion.
At least it's still on her investigation, right?
She's not suitable for working on company projects,
so I had her doing simpler tasks like fetching me coffee.
But she spilled the coffee on purpose.
That isn't true.
It doesn't matter anyway, I don't blame her for it.
But she insisted on wiping it out.
I stepped on her by accident.
I was about to apologize to her.
That's so.
She always says that actually what happened?
Motion is in love with someone.
Even if I told the truth, would he believe me?
Yes.
It's the truth.
Come with me to my office.
Come.
Why on earth did Lucian call Eliza to his office again?
He must find out.
Have a seat.
Your hands hurt.
You need advantage.
It's really fine.
I can just go home and...
No, no, I got it, all right.
Have a seat.
All right, let's see.
You know, summer is competent.
But she can be bossy and overbearing.
I can transfer you to another department.
Can't bear her.
Maybe not.
It means no more time, you know.
Oh, I'm fine in the possessed apartment.
Eliza, you're my wife.
I don't want she to be bullied anymore.
Stop pretending like you don't know she only does that because she's in love with you.
Okay.
Last step.
Just don't let this hand touch water for a moment.
Thank you.
Mr. Hoffman.
Just the two of us.
Call me by my name.
I thought I shouldn't.
Hell, I shouldn't, shouldn't.
Lucian, why did you marry me?
And why do you keep defending me?
Do you really not know why?
I don't know each other since high school,
but he's always kind of ignored me.
Hasn't he always had a thing for summer?
Or could it be that everyone has been wrong all along?
Bloody, Eliza.
You sure are good at playing naive?
I must find a way to teach you a lesson.
A reunion, Dorothy.
The gods are favoring me.
Eliza, I must teach you a lesson this time.
It's ready.
How many slices do you want?
Come on, what's wrong?
Eliza, isn't our house supposed to be auctioned off by the court to pay off our debts?
Why hasn't this happened yet?
Um, well, I borrowed some money from a friend to help pay off the debts.
The court lent you so much money at once.
Since we went bankrupt, all our old friends have disappeared.
Mom, you don't have to worry about it.
If you so.
Hey, Eliza, what took you so long?
What's up?
There's a school reunion party this weekend.
They notified us in the group, but I figured you haven't read it yet since you did respond,
so I'm just giving you a heads up.
It's been ages.
Why is there a high school reunion party out of nowhere?
Here's the monthly report from the business department.
I'll just leave it over there.
Why don't we grab a drink tonight?
I know a good place.
I actually have plans tonight.
If you don't have anything else, you can leave.
Lucian, it's been so long.
Summer, I said I'm busy.
Please, leave.
Hold on.
Will you be at the high school reunion?
Summer, how many ways do I have to say this?
I'm busy.
Leave.
Lucian, you have to be so gentle with me.
But ever since Eliza came, I've become a courtroom holder.
Eliza, don't think that you are teasing me.
I wonder if Lucian received the invitation to the reunion.
Is he going?
Something on your mind?
That's not a big deal.
But there's the high school reunion party later.
Are you going?
I don't know.
I knew I made a good point,
but we don't really see each other that often.
Thought it'd be nice to get together.
Oh, you know what?
I actually have a meeting.
I think I'll pass.
Okay.
I'll send you something though since I can't do that.
Thank you.
You really don't know if to do that.
I know it's far, so take this.
Lucian, it's...
That's way too expensive.
I'm just going to take this up way.
Eliza, I'm capable of offering you a better life.
Why would you take this up way?
Consider this a gift.
Lucian is acting like he actually likes me.
What game is he playing?
Mine.
Take it.
You're just giving this to me?
One, your husband.
Link Lee's speaking.
Mine is yours.
Well, thank you then.
Personalized version.
It's probably cost millions.
Jesus, Eliza.
If it weren't for you, I'd never get a B in such a luxurious car.
Seems like Mr. Hawthorne really is madly in love with you.
You know, I'm still at the point where I'm wondering if he even likes me.
Does treat me well though?
You know, all of us passwords are still summer's birthday.
I don't know.
I'm probably just overthinking.
Maybe it's, um, a misunderstanding or a coincidence?
I feel like Mr. Hawthorne is quite cold this summer.
I don't think he's into her.
You know, that's just because he's trying to keep the download of work.
Well, even if he were trying to keep it that way,
do you know how that saying goes?
We can try to hide our feelings, but we forget that our eyes can speak.
The way he looks at summer doesn't feel right.
Do you know what I mean?
I have absolutely no idea what you mean because you're so crazy.
You?
Oh, I'm done.
You're so mean.
I can.
Well, we're late.
We have to go.
Okay.
Long time no see.
So sorry, we're late.
So it's Eliza.
What is it?
The poor student back then.
He's putting his ears now.
Did you make a sweat on purpose?
Did you plan to arrive late deliberately to attract our attention?
Eliza, you are still using the same lame tricks as back then,
aren't you?
Who wants to pay attention to her?
After all this year, she still speaks of poverty.
Hey, did you say so too hard?
What if she's doing well?
And these are the way of work.
You wish you didn't make TV late.
Her?
She's probably a little level employee.
How well could she be doing?
What do you mean by that?
At least her name was just...
Oh, summer's here.
Although it's been years since we graduated,
she's only been more gorgeous.
Summer is full of the dog of the noble family.
And Mr. Hopper's child friend.
Fast summer is more than generous now.
Summer, come on.
Sit next to me.
I reserve for the thanks.
Sorry, I'm late.
Traffic was terrible.
Never mind.
It's our honor to have you.
Summer, did you call a new sports car?
Not really.
I just picked this one out of the garage
because I was in a hurry.
I'm actually tired of driving it.
I haven't used it.
A sports car?
That's something I can never afford.
It's not that much.
So many a few hundred likes of you.
Wow, so much choice, rich.
Such in this fancy carpet.
It's fine, nothing for her.
Naturally, you don't know who the summer is.
Such a lottery part and nothing.
We put the toy to her.
She can help nearly as she wants.
Which is not.
Any sound?
What car did you drive here?
She?
How could a poor girl like her afford a car?
She must be taking the subway.
What does she race?
That's the reason.
Elisa, the subway will soon stop running.
Do you want me to give you a ride?
Oh, summer.
You're still so kind-hearted.
But how could somebody as long as her
be riding in your luxury car?
Be careful not to get her power and he stands all over you.
It probably won't come off.
What nonsense are you talking about me?
Elisa didn't take the subway and it wouldn't matter if she did.
She drove here.
And a famous new little fish had converted on her.
Something more says in a new version.
Oh my god, what a big mouth.
What the hell?
It really is a convertible.
Impossible.
She can never afford that.
Elisa, did you rent a car just to show off at their union?
It's not rented.
Not rented.
Who are you trying to fool?
You can't afford even the cheapest one of such cars,
even if you're selling yourself.
Summer?
Is Hawthorne going really that good?
Even a little employee can afford such fancy convertible?
Hardly.
Although Hawthorne Group does have good benefits,
it's not that extent.
With her salary, she could probably never afford it,
even if she worked herself to death.
Elisa, we're all classmates here.
You don't have to pretend to be rich.
It probably costs half your salary to rent that car.
It's best not to be so vain.
What's the point of it?
It's like the Cinderella.
It will revert to its true form after midnight.
Elisa, don't you find yourself ridiculous?
Of course.
Can they look this guy's fury?
It was harder to disappoint you, but it's not rented.
It's a gift from my husband.
Mr. Hawthorne.
Mr. Walker's arrived.
Meeting can start anytime.
All right.
By the way, my wife is having a class for you anymore.
Invites a woman with some fine wine.
What happened?
Yes, Mr. Hawthorne.
It was harder to disappoint you, but it's not rented.
It's a gift from my husband.
Elisa, what's the point of lying?
First, you rent a car to show off with the reunion,
and now you're making up a story about a wealthy husband?
Are you living in a novel?
Summer, aren't you colleagues with Elisa?
You should know she's married or not, right?
It's not my business.
Even on her superior, I try not to pry.
Although I don't think so.
If she really had a rich husband,
why would she work for so little she's married?
So, Elisa is lying again.
She is so shameless.
Amelia, I think you should stay with her,
and Elisa, she got a bet of fullness on you.
And what do you know?
Elisa's husband.
Okay.
You guys keep hurting.
Amelia?
Good man.
These are the ones set by Mr. Hawthorne.
You can't eat too little feet,
but we didn't order these wines.
I'll send you something though, since I can't either.
The wine is for me, right?
He did say he would send something over.
This is too much.
Summer, this wine must be a special gift for Mr. Hawthorne for you.
Yeah.
The only one among us who deserves such attention
for Mr. Hawthorne is Summer.
Who else could it be?
This wine is for Mr. Hawthorne too.
Summer and Mr. Hawthorne have been a perfect match in school,
and now they are still so affectionate.
I wonder if they got to get married soon.
Of course.
Summer switch a president's wife, unlike someone.
Oh, Lisa.
Missy.
You can never shake me down the solution.
All right, everyone.
Send the solutions and over these wines.
Let's enjoy them together.
But Summer, this is 1980 to let be.
I think some people here are not worthy of drinking such fine wine.
They say cast your pearls before swine.
Even if we let Elisa drink it,
she wouldn't know how good the way a fee is.
That's true.
Depain to her will be a waste.
You're all wrong.
This wine is for me.
Did I hear that right?
You said that this wine was given to you by Mr. Hawthorne.
It's hilarious.
Do you think you're Mrs. Hawthorne?
Mrs. Hawthorne is Summer.
Are you dangering me, Missa?
Do you think you're some Cinderella who married a president?
Elisa.
Are you jealous of me?
Not only jealous of my family background and my job.
Now you're jealous of my relationship with Lucian
and want to clean the wine so they're given to me.
Don't you know that even if you try to harvest
what's not meant for you will never, never be yours.
Oh Summer, don't ruin your mood
over such a wreck in the gutter.
She's just a clown.
How can you be so confident that the wine is for Summer?
When Summer and Mrs. Hawthorne started dating,
Elisa was some rare picking on the trash.
All you ever do is talk.
Where the hell would I lie about something like this?
Who knows?
After all, we don't understand how the court thinks.
Hey, waiter, tell us.
Who does Mr. Hawthorne give this wine stew?
Yeah, Alice.
Who does Mr. Hawthorne gives this wine stew?
So that's someone who starts dating me.
These wines were given to Mrs. Elizabeth by Ms. Hawthorne.
What?
This wine is from Lucian Twill.
There must have been a mistake.
Check it again.
How could Mr. Hawthorne possibly send wine to himself?
Yes, this is indeed the wine except for Mr. Lucian.
To Mr. Hawthorne.
What could this be?
What is Elisa so special that Lucian would treat her like this?
Why are you all so silent now?
You were so talkative and confident before?
Is it because you were embarrassed?
Okay, take Amelia.
Yeah, like I said, I don't need to learn.
Mr. Hawthorne would never send wine to this bitch.
Couldn't we?
Wait.
Now, womania.
Elisa, you really are desperate for attention, aren't you?
After being exposed about the car keys,
you've resorted to hiring actors to put on a show for us.
Oh my god.
Covenia, you really are imaginative.
You should have a screenwriter.
You really gotta hit on your hands.
What?
Are you really agitated because I've uncovered the truth
and here I am stating the facts.
How is that imagination?
Amelia, I think you've got a point.
After all, ladies and people are always so desperate for attention, right?
Summer makes about coin.
Mr. Hawthorne and Elisa are completely different worlds.
How could he possibly send her wine?
Go home and pay your actors.
And Elisa, I think there's something you should know.
If we hadn't gone to the same high school together,
you wouldn't have any chance of sitting here with us,
having meal, not alone getting to know.
Mr. Hawthorne, you all have gone too far.
This is supposed to be a class reunion party
and you're all targeting Alisa.
What are you trying to do?
What are we trying to do?
She needs to know her place.
Instead of deceiving us with lies again and again,
how dare she do it and not admit it.
Yes, summer as the saying goes,
ugly people make more trouble.
But poor people make even more trouble.
I couldn't care less what you think of me,
but I didn't hire actors for this.
We are all regular employees of the hotel.
We cannot be hired as private actors.
You must have misunderstood.
Misunderstood.
And Elisa, you really are hopeless.
You found some actors that got two bottles of fake wine
thinking you could show off at the reunion party.
This cheap wine is only good for making noise when he shatters.
With this order from President Hawthorne,
I don't have to worry about my performance for the rest of the month.
I think I'm going to make this fail.
A VVIP custom from now on.
I'm coming over.
Damaging some of the property.
Lavinia, you have never been one to consider
the consequences of doing whatever summer tells you to do.
How much can a fake bottle of wine work?
I'll pay her and it would remain one.
He can smash number one.
You're disgusting.
We're ashamed to have you as a classmate.
You don't deserve to be at our party.
Security.
Where is security?
At my interests.
Well, we don't know what this woman is
and I don't know how she got in here
and I want her out of here.
Well, this is Summer Heart,
Beyonce of the President of Hawthorne School.
And having her here,
we don't want to have any trouble.
Misunderstood.
Now, what are you doing?
What is going on here?
Who gave you permission to expel my esteemed guest?